Om Hreem Namah Shivaya

Durga Saptashati (Devi Mahatmyam).
रोगान् शेषानपहंसि तुष्टा, रुष्टा तु कामान् सकलानभीष्टान् ।
त्वामाश्रितानां न विपन्नराणां, त्वामाश्रिता ह्याश्रयतां प्रयान्ति ॥

"O Goddess! When you are pleased, you remove all remaining diseases (and afflictions). 
But when you are angered, you destroy all the cherished desires and goals (of your enemies / the wicked).
For those who have surrendered to you, there is no destruction, ruin, or calamity. Indeed, those who take refuge in you surely attain the highest refuge (which is You yourself)."

What is the most powerful mantra of Durga?

ॐ सर्वमङ्गलमाङ्गल्ये शिवे सर्वार्थसाधिके ।
शरण्ये त्र्यम्बके गौरि नारायणि नमोऽस्तु ते ॥
"Om. Salutations to You, O Goddess, who is the very embodiment of all auspiciousness, the consort of Shiva, and the fulfiller of all endeavors. 
You are the refuge of all who seek shelter, the three-eyed one, the radiant Gauri, the supreme Narayani. I bow to You."

What is the mantra for immediate success?
ॐ गं गणपतये नमः | ॐ दुं दुर्गायै नमः | ॐ नमः शिवाय

ॐ ह्रौं ॐ जूं सः ॐ भूर्भुवः स्वः ॐ त्र्यम्बकं यजामहे सुगन्धिं पुष्टिवर्धनम् ।
उर्वारुकमिव बन्धनान् मृत्योर्मुक्षीय मामृतात् ।
स्वः भुवः भूः ॐ सः जूं ह्रौं ॐ ॥

 oṃ hrauṃ oṃ jūṃ saḥ oṃ bhūrbhuvaḥ svaḥ oṃ tryambakaṃ yajāmahe sugandhiṃ puṣṭi-vardhanam |
 urvārukam-iva bandhanān mṛtyor-mukṣīya māmṛtāt |
 svaḥ bhuvaḥ bhūḥ oṃ saḥ jūṃ hrauṃ oṃ ||

It is often presented in a more broken-down format for recitation, similar to what you provided :
 oṃ hrauṃ jūṃ saḥ, oṃ bhūr bhuvaḥ svaḥ,
 oṃ tryambakaṃ yajāmahe sugandhiṃ puṣṭi-vardhanam,
 urvārukam-iva bandhanān mṛtyor-mukṣīya māmṛtāt,
 svaḥ bhuvaḥ bhūḥ, oṃ saḥ jūṃ hrauṃ oṃ

The term "Panchakshar" literally means "five syllables" and refers to the sacred five-syllable mantra "Na-Ma-Śi-Vā-Ya", which is the core of the Om Namah Shivaya mantra. The stotra is structured in five stanzas, each dedicated to one of these five syllables.

Stanza 1 (Salutation to the syllable "Na")
 Original Sanskrit: नागेन्द्रहाराय त्रिलोचनाय भस्माङ्गरागाय महेश्वराय। नित्याय शुद्धाय दिगम्बराय तस्मै नकाराय नमः शिवाय॥
 Meaning: Salutations to Shiva, represented by the syllable "Na". He who wears a garland of serpents, has three eyes, is smeared with sacred ash, is the great Lord (Maheshwara), is eternal and pure, and wears the directions as his garment (Digambara).

Stanza 2 (Salutation to the syllable "Ma")
 Original: मन्दाकिनी सलिल चंदन चर्चिताय नंदीश्वर प्रमथनाथ महेश्वराय। मन्दार पुष्प बहुपुष्प सुपूजिताय तस्मै मकाराय नमः शिवाय॥
 Meaning: Salutations to Shiva, represented by the syllable "Ma". He who is anointed with sandalwood paste mixed with the waters of the celestial Ganges (Mandakini), is the lord of Nandi and the Ganas, and is worshipped with Mandara and many other flowers.

Stanza 3 (Salutation to the syllable "Śi")
 Original: शिवाय गौरी वदनाब्ज वृन्द सूर्याय दक्षाध्वर नाशकाय। श्री नीलकण्ठाय वृषध्वजाय तस्मै शिकाराय नमः शिवाय॥
 Meaning: Salutations to Shiva, represented by the syllable "Śi". He who is the sun that blossoms the lotus-like face of Gauri (Parvati), who destroyed Daksha's sacrifice, who has a blue throat (Neelakantha), and who has a bull on his flag.

Stanza 4 (Salutation to the syllable "Va")
 Original: वशिष्ठ कुम्भोद्भव गौतमार्य मुनीन्द्र देवार्चित शेखराय। चन्द्रार्क वैश्वानर लोचनाय तस्मै वकाराय नमः शिवाय॥
 Meaning: Salutations to Shiva, represented by the syllable "Va". He who is worshipped by great sages like Vashistha, Agastya, and Gautama, as well as by the gods, and who has the sun, moon, and fire as his three eyes.

Stanza 5 (Salutation to the syllable "Ya")
 Original: यज्ञ स्वरूपाय जटाधराय पिनाक हस्ताय सनातनाय। दिव्याय देवाय दिगम्बराय तस्मै यकाराय नमः शिवाय॥
 Meaning: Salutations to Shiva, represented by the syllable "Ya". He who is the embodiment of Yagna (sacrifice), has matted hair, holds the Pinaka bow in his hand, is eternal and divine, and wears the directions as his garment.

ॐ कृष्णाय वासुदेवाय हरये परमात्माने ।
प्रणत: क्लेशनशाय गोविंदाय: नमो नम: ।।
"Om. Salutations to Krishna, the son of Vasudeva, who is Hari (the remover of illusion) and the Supreme Soul. Repeated salutations to Govinda, who destroys the sorrows and afflictions of all those who surrender and prostrate before him."

ॐ दक्षिणमुखाय पंचमुख हनुमते करालवदनाय नरसिंहाय ॐ ह्रां ह्रीं ह्रूं ह्रैं ह्रौं ह्रः सकलभूतप्रेतदमनाय स्वाहा
Om Dakṣiṇamukhāya Pañcamukha Hanumate Karālavadanāya Narasiṃhāya Om Hrāṃ Hrīṃ Hrūṃ Hraīṃ Hrauṃ Hraḥ Sakalabhūtapretadamanāya Svāhā
"Om. Salutations to the five-faced Hanuman, to the southern face which is the fearsome Narasimha. (I invoke you with the seed syllables) Hrāṃ Hrīṃ Hrūṃ Hraīṃ Hrauṃ Hraḥ. You who subdue all ghosts, spirits, and negative energies. Svāhā."

न पुण्यं न पापं न सौख्यं न दु:खम्
न मन्त्रो न तीर्थं न वेदा न यज्ञाः ।
अहं भोजनं नैव भोज्यं न भोक्ता
चिदानन्दरूपः शिवोऽहम् शिवोऽहम् ॥४॥

Shri Rudrashtakam
 Verse 1
Sanskrit:
 नमामीशमीशान निर्वाणरूपं विभुं व्यापकं ब्रह्मवेदस्वरूपम् ।
 निजं निर्गुणं निर्विकल्पं निरीहं चिदाकाशमाकाशवासं भजेऽहम् ॥१॥

Transliteration:
 Namāmīśam-īśāna nirvāṇarūpaṁ vibhuṁ vyāpakaṁ brahma-veda-svarūpam |
 Nijaṁ nirguṇaṁ nirvikalpaṁ nirīhaṁ cidākāśam-ākāśavāsaṁ bhaje'ham ||1||
Meaning: I bow to the Supreme Lord Ishana, whose very form is the state of Nirvana (liberation). He is all-pervading, the embodiment of Brahman and the essence of the Vedas. He is self-existent, beyond the three qualities (nirguṇa), without any modification, desireless, and abides in the sky of pure consciousness. I worship that Lord.

 Verse 2
Sanskrit:
 निराकारमोङ्कारमूलं तुरीयं गिराज्ञानगोतीतमीशं गिरीशम् ।
 करालं महाकालकालं कृपालुं गुणागारसंसारपारं नतोऽहम् ॥२॥

Transliteration:
 Nirākāram-oṅkāra-mūlaṁ turīyaṁ girā-jñāna-gotītam-īśaṁ girīśam |
 Karālaṁ mahākāla-kālaṁ kṛpāluṁ guṇāgāra-saṁsāra-pāraṁ nato'ham ||2||
Meaning: He is formless, the very root from which the sacred Om arises, and abides in the state of Turiya (the fourth state of consciousness). He is beyond the reach of speech, knowledge, and the senses. He is the Lord of Mount Kailash (Girisha), who takes the fearsome form of Mahakala to destroy time itself, yet is extremely compassionate. I bow to him who helps us cross the ocean of worldly existence.

 Verse 3
Sanskrit:
 तुषाराद्रिसंकाशगौरं गभीरं मनोभूतकोटिप्रभाश्री शरीरम् ।
 स्फुरन्मौलिकल्लोलिनी चारुगङ्गा लसद्भालबालेन्दु कण्ठे भुजङ्गा ॥३॥

Transliteration:
 Tuṣārādri-saṅkāśa-gauraṁ gabhīraṁ manobhūta-koṭi-prabhā-śrī-śarīram |
 Sphuran-mauli-kallolinī cāru-gaṅgā lasad-bhāla-bālendu kaṇṭhe bhujaṅgā ||3||
Meaning: He shines white like a mountain of snow and is profound and unfathomable. His body radiates the splendour of millions of celestial beings. The beautiful Ganga surges and throbs over his shining head, the crescent moon adorns his forehead, and serpents encircle his neck.

 Verse 4
Sanskrit:
 चलत्कुण्डलं भ्रूसुनेत्रं विशालं प्रसन्नाननं नीलकण्ठं दयालम् ।
 मृगाधीशचर्माम्बरं मुण्डमालं प्रियं शङ्करं सर्वनाथं भजामि ॥४॥

Transliteration:
 Calat-kuṇḍalaṁ bhrū-sunetraṁ viśālaṁ prasannānanaṁ nīlakaṇṭhaṁ dayālam |
 Mṛgādhīśa-carmāmbaram muṇḍamālaṁ priyaṁ śaṅkaraṁ sarvanāthaṁ bhajāmi ||4||
Meaning: I worship Shankara, whose earrings sway, who has a beautiful third eye, large eyes, a joyful face, a blue throat, and is extremely compassionate. He wears the skin of a tiger, a garland of skulls, and is the beloved Lord of all.

 Verse 5
Sanskrit:
 प्रचण्डं प्रकृष्टं प्रगल्भं परेशं अखण्डमजं भानुकोटिप्रकाशम् ।
 त्र्यःशूलनिर्मूलनं शूलपाणिं भजेऽहं भवानीपतिं भावगम्यम् ॥५॥

Transliteration:
 Pracaṇḍaṁ prakṛṣṭaṁ pragalbhaṁ pareśam akhaṇḍam-ajaṁ bhānu-koṭi-prakāśam |
 Tryah-śūla-nirmūlanaṁ śūla-pāṇiṁ bhaje'haṁ bhavānīpatiṁ bhāvagamyam ||5||
Meaning: I worship the consort of Bhavani, who is fierce, eminent, strong, the highest Lord, unborn, whole, and whose effulgence equals a million suns. He holds a trident in his hand, which uproots the bondage of the three gunas. He is attainable only through devotion.

 Verse 6
Sanskrit:
 कलातीतकल्याणकल्पान्तकारी सदासज्जनानन्ददाता पुरारी ।
 चिदानन्दसन्दोहमोहापहारी प्रसीद प्रसीद प्रभो मन्मथारी ॥६॥

Transliteration:
 Kalātīta-kalyāṇa-kalpānta-kārī sadā-sajjanānanda-dātā purārī |
 Cidānanda-sandoha-mohāpahārī prasīda prasīda prabho manmathārī ||6||
Meaning: His auspicious nature is beyond all elements, and he brings an end to a kalpa (cosmic cycle). He always gives joy to the wise, is the destroyer of the Tripurasuras, and removes the great delusion, immersing the soul in the bliss of pure consciousness. O Lord, destroyer of Manmatha (Cupid), please be gracious to me, please be gracious.

 Verse 7
Sanskrit:
 न यावदुमानाथपादारविन्दं भजन्तीह लोके परे वा नराणाम् ।
 न तावत्सुखं शान्ति सन्तापनाशं प्रसीद प्रभो सर्वभूताधिवासम् ॥७॥

Transliteration:
 Na yāvad-umānātha-pādāravindaṁ bhajantīha loke pare vā narāṇām |
 Na tāvat-sukhaṁ śānti santāpa-nāśaṁ prasīda prabho sarva-bhūtādhivāsam ||7||
Meaning: As long as human beings in this world or the next do not worship the lotus feet of the Lord of Uma (Parvati), they will not experience happiness, peace, or the end of sorrows. Therefore, O Lord, who resides in all beings, please be gracious.

 Verse 8
Sanskrit:
 न जानामि योगं जपं नैव पूजां नतोऽहं सदा सर्वदा शम्भुतुभ्यम् ।
 जराजन्मदुःखौघतातप्यमानं प्रभो पाहि आपन्नमामीश शम्भो ॥८॥

Transliteration:
 Na jānāmi yogaṁ japaṁ naiva pūjāṁ nato'ham sadā sarvadā śambhu-tubhyam |
 Jarā-janma-duḥkhaugha-tātapyamānaṁ prabho pāhi āpannamāmīśa śambho ||8||
Meaning: I do not know how to perform yoga, japa, or ritual worship. I simply bow to you always, O Shambhu. Please protect me, O Lord, who is tormented by the sorrows of old age, birth, and the mass of suffering. Protect this afflicted one, O Lord Shambhu.

 Phalasruti (Concluding Verse)
Sanskrit:
 रुद्राष्टकमिदं प्रोक्तं विप्रेण हरतुष्टये ।
 ये पठन्ति नरा भक्त्या तेषां शम्भुः प्रसीदति ॥९॥

Transliteration:
 Rudrāṣṭakam-idaṁ proktaṁ vipreṇa hara-tuṣṭaye |
 Ye paṭhanti narā bhaktyā teṣāṁ śambhuḥ prasīdati ||9||

राम रमेति रामेती रमे रामे मनोरमे 
सहस्त्र नाम त्तुलयम राम नाम वरानने !!
जय श्री राम 
राम राम रामेती, रमे रामे मनोरमे सहस्त्रणाम तततुल्यम, श्रीं राम राम रवानाने 
श्री राम रामेति रामेति रमे रामे मनोरमे सहस्त्र नाम तत्तुल्यं राम नाम वरानने।।
ऊं नमो भगवते वासुदेवाय नम शिवाय ॐ नमः शिवाय हर हर महादेव 
ऊ नमः पारवति पतये हर हर महादेव

This is the powerful Ganesha Dwadasha Nama Stotram (गणेश द्वादश नाम स्तोत्रम्) – the hymn of the twelve sacred names of Lord Ganesha.
Your Text (with common phonetic spellings):

प्रथमं वक्रतुण्डं च, एकदन्तं द्वितीयकम् ।
तृतीयं कृष्णपिङ्गाक्षं, गजवक्त्रं चतुर्थकम् ॥
लम्बोदरं पञ्चमं च, षष्ठं विकटमेव च ।
सप्तमं विघ्नराजं च, धूम्रवर्णं तथाष्टमम् ॥
नवमं बालचन्द्रं च, दशमं तु विनायकम् ।
एकादशं गणपतिं, द्वादशं तु गजाननम् ॥

"The first name is Vakratunda, the second is Ekadanta, the third is Krishna Pingaksha, and the fourth is Gajavaktra.
The fifth is Lambodara, the sixth is Vikata, the seventh is Vighnaraja, and the eighth is Dhoomravarna.
The ninth is Balachandra, the tenth is Vinayaka, the eleventh is Ganapati, and the twelfth is Gajanana."

Om Vakratunda Mahakaya Suryakoti Samaprabha
Nirvighnam Kuru Me Deva Sarva Karyeshu Sarvada 
Om. O Lord Ganesha with the curved trunk and a massive body, whose radiance is equal to that of millions of suns, please remove all obstacles from all my endeavors, always."

सर्वे भी तू, सर्व भी तू, जीवन भी तू, मित्र भी तू ।
दाता भी तू, विधाता भी तू, लेता भी तू, देता भी तू ॥
सत्य तू, असत्य हम, भवन तू, मनुष्य हम ।
शिव तू, सुन्दर तू, शक्ति तू, सब कुछ तू ॥
मैं कुछ नहीं, भवन तू, जीवन तू, मैं कुछ नहीं ।
ॐ नमः पार्वतीपतये, हर हर महादेव ॥

Sri Rudram
ॐ नमस्ते अस्तु भवान् विश्वेश्वराय महादेवाय त्र्यम्बकाय त्रिपुरान्तकाय त्रिकालाग्निकालाय कालाग्निरुद्राय नीलकण्ठाय मृत्युञ्जयाय सर्वेश्वराय सदाशिवाय श्रीमन्महादेवाय नमः ॥
"Om. Salutations be unto You, O Lord!
I bow to the Lord of the Universe, the Supreme Deity, the Three-Eyed One,
To the Destroyer of the Three Cities, to the One who is the Time that devours the three ages and the cosmic fire,
To Rudra, the Fire of Doomsday, to the Blue-Throated Lord,
To the Conqueror of Death, to the Lord of All, to the Eternal Auspicious One,
Salutations to the Glorious Great Lord Mahadeva."
